# Hi there!
## <br>My name is Maximiliano Grosman, also know as MaxyGrosman2010 here on Github
## <br>I'm A Junior Fullstack developer, who likes to learn more about different languages and the places where i can improve as a developer, particulary i like to work on the Back end.<br><br>I aim to become a senior developer, if possible on the Backend, if not as a FullStack as a long term goal, as a short term goal i aim learn more about the profession from a programming stand point to a leadership stand point. With the current short terms goals of not only getting my first job on web programming, but also learning MongoDB, MySQL, Python, PhP among others languages. As for technologies, i would like to learn more about implementing Firebase, nodemailer, OAuth through google, etc.
## <br>Education
### I have study through the first 2 and half years of the career Engineer of Systems in the university of Avellaneda, from Argertina, Province Buenos Aires, which i didn't finish and left out because of personal problems, but i learn a bit of Phython, C++ all around memory management, binary trees, recursion, etc. Along with a bit of programming oriented to objects. And from the SoyHenry bootcamp, from where i have learn quite a lot, from React, Express and Sequelize.<br>
## <br>Technologies:
### -JavaScript<br>-TypeScript<br>-C++<br>-CSS<br>-HTML<br>-React.JS<br>-Redux<br>-Next.JS<br>-Express.JS<br>-Sequelize.JS<br>-PosgreSQL<br>-Postman<br>-Multer<br>
## <br>HardSkills
### -Back-End Development, i think as of having a great level of ability, <br>-Front-End Development, the area where i feel i need to improve the most <br>-English: Level C1 Advance.<br>-Spanish: Native.<bd>
## <br>SoftSkills
### -Interpret, i can quickly understand what a person needs from hearing then explain their needs, from information to send to kind of display.<br>-Cooperate, i can quickly adapt to any team and proceed to work with them according to what the team needs.<br>-Organize, i can quickly organize a meeting, work team, or anything else according to the desires of my superiors or needs for the team<br>-Develop, i can quickly learn different skills according to the needs of the proyect.<br>-Lead, i can lead a team through the 3 different methods of leadership, Democratic, Transaccional, Situational, or apply them at the same time.<br>-Traduci, i can quickly understand and translate from the languages i know.<br>
## <br>About myself
### Im a young upcoming Argentian who likes programming, i had interest in it since i was a young kid and this as time pass develop in a desire to be learn and work in this area, being from web developing proyects to programs; Videogames, i love to sit down on the weekends when no one is able pop up a good JRPG, Platformer, action adventure, etc. And just immerse myself on the world people create; reading, contrary to videogames, this im able to do quite a lot through my travel time, where i usually carry some books digitalize to read, or begin hearing some audio books, not my prefer experience this last ones. Through the one i love the most of this, is sometimes on the weekends at night to rest in bed while reading a good book, my prefer genres are sci-fy, Medieval Fantasy and adventure stories; hanging out with friends and family, such as just expend an after noon in a park walking around talking about silly or serious stuff, to going to a coffeeshop, restaurant, shoppingmalls, movies, etc. I can count with the fingers of my hand the amount of times that i didn't enjoy something of going out with anyone that i know to do something; and going on walks at the morning, i don't think there is such a thing as beautiful as doing this, even on places where i wouldn't recommend doing for security reason, it has such a peace or curious enjoyment of seeing people going on to their jobs, that bring a whole different meaning to the day; As for music im not big, i enjoy pretty much anything with the only exceptions being Reggaeton and certain pop music, not all of it on the last one but there are just some songs that don't ring with me.<br>
## <br>Contact information: 
### Email: maxygrosman@gmail.com<br>LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/maximiliano-g-b37459179/<br>
